July 16, 1943

AVIATION CADET CLUB
MATAGORDA ISLAND BOMBING AND GUNNERY RANGE

Dear Bill;

It has been a long time since you wrote to me and Iishould
have answered before now. Better late than never they say, I am
writing on a typewriter because I am Officer of the day and have
to stay in the office untill 10:00 tonight. You can probably
read ‘this better than my scrawl too.

I am down at "Matagorda Island Gunnery Range"on the "Gulf
of Mexico", Every day I shoot machine guns at ground and aerial
targets, It is a lot of fun and I am getting so that I can shoot
pretty good. I only have about two weeks left to go before I'11
get my wings and bars. Then I'll be a full-fledged flying officer
in the U.S. ARMY AIR FORCE, If I should get a little time off
when I graduate I hope I can get home and see you. Some day when this doggone war is over I'll take you up in an airplane and
show how mich fun it is to fly.

The other day when I was flying out over the bay I saw
the darndest commotion down in the water so down I went to
see what it was all about. There was a school of porpoises down
there just having the time of their lives. They were jumping
clear up out of the water and splashing around like a bunch of
kids. Then this morning I went deep-sea fishing with some of the
boys and we saw some more porpoises and I caught a shark. It
wasn't a very big one but it was the first one I had ever seen
so I was quite excited. I also got a little sunburn on top of
my tan . All in all I had a pretty good time.

Elaine is staying in Carrizo Springs now, That is just
about 44 miles from Eagle Pass. She stays with some very nice
people and we like them a lot. I go over every weekend but ‘
don't see much of her through the week. I hope that after I
graduate that we can live together. If I go to the right place I can but if I go somewhere else I probably won't get to see her any more than I do now. I dom't think we will have any babies
for a while yet.

Well I have to go and ring some bells so I guess I'll stop writing and get busy.

Be a good boy and take good care of mother while I am away. Tell Dad that I am going to make him take you and I
fishing when I come home ---- 0.K.??

Your pilot brother ~
LOVE

Horace

[Texas
Matagorda Island]
